add blog on localstack x shipyard (#25)
localstack/localstack-blog.github.io: content/2024-04-01-ephemeral-environments-with-localstack-shipyard/index.md

```bash
awslocal dynamodb scan --table-name doc-example-work-item-tracker
```

In the output, you will find the persisted data available.

### Configure Shipyard for your application

You can now create an ephemeral environment for your cloud application on Shipyard. Navigate to your dashboard and click on **+ Application**. Choose the GitHub repository you have forked and choose the `main` branch to start.

<graphic-showing-the-setup.png>

Click on the **Select services** to add services that you would like to deploy. These services are automatically selected from the Docker Compose configuration.

Click on the **Add environment variables** to go to the next step, and add any environment variables that you want to configure. Finally, click on **Create application** to get started with the first build of your application!

<graphic-showing-the-build-queue.png>

After a successful build, you can now click on the **Visit** button on your application dashboard to navigate to the deployed application. You can start interacting with the application, and review the run logs for your application services.

<graphic-showing-the-localstack-run-logs.png>

> ### Create a GitHub Action workflow for previews

Author: Can we change this to `### Create PR comments for your ephemeral environments`?

In addition to preseeding your Shipyard environment, Cloud Pods can also be used at the “other end” of a pipeline, namely to store and push the state of the LocalStack instance after an ephemeral run has been completed. This allows you to replicate the same state onto the local machine, in case your integration test suite fails on the ephemeral environment.

## Key Benefits

There are several key benefits of using Shipyard and LocalStack to develop & test cloud applications:

-   Improve the development process for cloud infrastructure by allowing developers to test code changes in isolation and iterate quickly.
-   Save time and money by eliminating the need to wait for staging to be configured and blocking other team members during the process.
-   Facilitate collaboration across different teams by providing a freshly-configured pre-production environment for everyone to work in.
-   Run your automated end-to-end (E2E) test suite and pre-seed your infrastructure & application state to allow more thorough testing.
-   Streamline the login process (SSO) for your team to prevent anyone outside your organization from accessing your environments.
    

## Conclusion

> Congratulations! You’ve successfully deployed an AWS-powered cloud application on an ephemeral environment using LocalStack & Shipyard. With LocalStack, you don’t have to worry about deleting your ephemeral environment after a quick round of testing — LocalStack’s core emulation layer allows you to persist the resources created on the host machine for extensive testing and further use Cloud Pods to pre-seed the infrastructure state as and when required!

Reviewer: maybe we clarify this a little further "worry about deleting your ephemeral environment" -- are we worried about losing resources after deletion? maybe we say "losing [x] after spinning down your ephemeral environments"

In addition to preseeding your Shipyard environment, Cloud Pods can also be used at the “other end” of a pipeline, namely to store and push the state of the LocalStack instance after an ephemeral run has been completed. This allows you to replicate the same state onto the local machine, in case your integration test suite fails on the ephemeral environment.

## Key Benefits

There are several key benefits of using Shipyard and LocalStack to develop & test cloud applications:

-   Improve the development process for cloud infrastructure by allowing developers to test code changes in isolation and iterate quickly.
-   Save time and money by eliminating the need to wait for staging to be configured and blocking other team members during the process.
-   Facilitate collaboration across different teams by providing a freshly-configured pre-production environment for everyone to work in.
-   Run your automated end-to-end (E2E) test suite and pre-seed your infrastructure & application state to allow more thorough testing.
-   Streamline the login process (SSO) for your team to prevent anyone outside your organization from accessing your environments.
    

## Conclusion

> Congratulations! You’ve successfully deployed an AWS-powered cloud application on an ephemeral environment using LocalStack & Shipyard. With LocalStack, you don't have to worry about losing your infrastructure state after spinning down your ephemeral environments after a quick round of testing. LocalStack allows you to persist the resources created on the host machine for extensive testing and further use Cloud Pods to pre-seed the infrastructure state as and when required!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Congratulations! You’ve successfully deployed an AWS-powered cloud application on an ephemeral environment using LocalStack & Shipyard. With LocalStack, you don't have to worry about losing your infrastructure state after tearing down your ephemeral environments after a quick round of testing. LocalStack allows you to persist the resources created on the host machine for extensive testing and further use Cloud Pods to pre-seed the infrastructure state as and when required!
```

You can further explore Shipyard and their offering for various use cases such as:

-   Adding Datadog logging and integrating with LocalStack’s serverless resources, such as Lambda, EventBridge, SQS, and more.
-   Using Shipyard’s volume management to revert the data in case of regression and load them across sibling environments.
-   Monitoring key infrastructure metrics such as an overview of build and deploy times, CPU/Memory usage, and deployment timeline.

> If you have any questions about configuring and running your project, drop by Shipyard Slack Community or LocalStack Slack Community. We would love to hear your feedback about this integration!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have any questions about configuring and running your project, drop by Shipyard's or LocalStack's Slack Community. We would love to hear your feedback about this integration. Happy cloud testing!
```
